fix(middlewares): add rate limit exclusions (#12159)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/configuration/miscellaneous/server-endpoint-rate-limits.md

[OpenID Connect 1.0 Pushed Authorization Request Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#well-known-discovery-endpoints).

See [Common Options](#common-options) for the individual options for this section.

### openid_connect_userinfo

Configures the rate limiter which applies to the
[OpenID Connect 1.0 UserInfo Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#well-known-discovery-endpoints).

See [Common Options](#common-options) for the individual options for this section.

### openid_connect_introspection

Configures the rate limiter which applies to the
[OpenID Connect 1.0 Introspection Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#well-known-discovery-endpoints).

See [Common Options](#common-options) for the individual options for this section.

### openid_connect_revocation

Configures the rate limiter which applies to the

> [OpenID Connect 1.0 Revocation Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#well-known-discovery-endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenID Connect 1.0 UserInfo Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#discoverable-endpoints).

See [Common Options](#common-options) for the individual options for this section.

### openid_connect_introspection

Configures the rate limiter which applies to the
[OpenID Connect 1.0 Introspection Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#discoverable-endpoints).

See [Common Options](#common-options) for the individual options for this section.

### openid_connect_revocation

Configures the rate limiter which applies to the
[OpenID Connect 1.0 Revocation Endpoint](../../integration/openid-connect/introduction.md#discoverable-endpoints).
```

I think it makes more sense to point to the endpoints here.
